Hello aware public, who among us is not?
Wants us to take care of our parents
All of your spouse's children
When children can meet their needs we
If they demand anything then they should just
So you don't have to refuse to have money in the house.
We don't have some needs and some desires
Like a house, a car, a few vacations
Maybe we have a good bank
There should be balance so that no one coming in future can
Whatever the situation may be education or marriage
Be it any loan or any illness, all of them
We can fulfill the obligations of
Can speak of an ideal financial situation
And if you also want to reach here
So this video is for you, today's video
We are going to talk about nine such habits
Nine habits that affect your bank balance
She will also help in increasing your desires.
without killing and in this video i
I am not going to talk big to you
I will not say that you should leave your job and start business.
Start doing it or start freelancing
go learn programming your english
Improve communication No, I
I am going to tell you nine very easy
Simple to follow habits which every student should follow
By following Employee Business Owner or Ghani
Can strengthen your financial position
It is not even that these nine
You have to follow these nine habits:
If you adopt even one or two, then in life
If change starts then friends I am here
Yours sincerely Arj Rishabh N
Are entrepreneurs but not yet
If you haven't subscribed then join hands and
Also press the subscribe button
This video is sponsored by Stable Money
You can fix 200 plus on stable money app
Can compare deposits and
Up with RBI insurance of Rs 5 lakh
To 9.21 Return giving bank FD
Can book directly and that too only 5
Stable Money in Minutes is simply an aggregator
Meaning your money goes directly into the bank account
and straight back to you on completion of the tenor
With stable money in your bank account
You will get on booking your first FD
₹2000000 back and one awesome referral
There is also a program which I will share with you later.
I share how to download the app
in link description
[music]
Let me tell you a true incident from my past.
It was a startup and we had an IT alumni in it.
Hired that too in a very senior position
How much salary can I make as a cofounder?
His salary was even more than that.
But he lived life like it was yesterday
No matter what, in the very next month he did 25th of the month.
Come to me on the date and pay advance salary
The demand was made and we fulfilled it, now that it is complete.
He spent the month's salary in 25 days
So how will it last for 35 days next time?
Came again and this time probably on 20th
around and then demanded advance salary
This went on for a month or two and then we advanced.
When he refused to give then he left the job
Then we came to know that he had done many things in the company.
Even Chai has borrowed money from colleagues
The bill of Rs 6000 till the end was not paid.
There is nothing wrong in borrowing but then
When there may be a valid reason behind it
Do you have any asset to purchase?
Borrowing for business expansion
So that one will have to be taken, anyone other than that
Region whether you want to buy a car or a bike
or any electronic gadget like
iPhone's credit card is waiting for that
When you default to a movement and you
If you can take this huge interest then rule
Number line with some minor exceptions
Leaving aside the issue, no credit
Borrow
[music]
No. Do you know about your last month?
How much rice or detergent is used at home?
How many have you done in your bike or car?
Swiggy Zomato is full of petrol worth Rs.
How much was last month's bill or last
Time when you went to buy tomatoes Tomato
How many rupees were there per kg? ₹ 440 kg tomatoes.
Even poison is available in ₹ per kg.
A duodenum then guess some of these things
will still be able to tell but among us
Give any of these numbers for most
What is impossible to achieve is often on our mind.
trust too much and so on
Our brain gives us bias reports in case
If I ask you your most
most expensive or especially the most
In which head are non-essential expenses covered?
So your brain, some head, should tell you.
Will give you an example and tell you that you are very
You go out to eat a lot.
It costs more, I too do something like this
I used to believe but for the first time when I
When I started maintaining monthly accounts
I found out that my eldest son
Transportation is an essential expense which
Have brought u and flight tickets once you
Know your expenses in different heads
If you move then savings in it
It is very easy to find ways but
Not on my mind but on my pen
Trust me all you have to do is
As much as you want in 2 minutes before sleeping at night
Also write down the expenses incurred that day, head wise.
Give and add them at the end of the month
Get your own for this if you want.
Make a template and write it in your diary.
Then use some app or a simple
The template I created for you is in the description.
If I am giving then habit number is maintained
Your Accounts
[music]
Habit Number Seven Let's Do a Little Math
If you play 80 of the day then it will be 80 of the month.
how much will you save
How much will a 2400 year old save? Approximately Rs 30000
29000 two to be pressa is now you will speak
Why save only Rs 80 a day because this is the price
Have five classic cigarettes and as many as I
I know people who smoke cigarettes.
Could have smoked five-six cigarettes very comfortably
The number of many is much higher than this.
So what we spend on bad habits
We never notice them
Because they are in very small amounts
are happening but if you
If you go out in macro view and see this
The amount becomes very large because
That's how the pitcher fills drop by drop
Drop by drop the pot becomes empty and
The financial loss of these bad habits is
Still very small, much bigger than that
It hurts your body and your mind.
And leave aside everything else, your family.
Makes Pure Financial Sense
give up your bad habit give up your bad habit
leaving
29200 or whatever amount you save
Purely consider your savings and
For investment because on the first
Place that amount was not yours example
For if we check on stable money app
So here bank FD is available at 8.6
And for senior citizens at 9.21 if this
You will invest your ₹ 2000000 in FD.
So at the end of the 10 years this amount will become

4500 now this is 30 35000 some small amount
Maybe some of us
It may be more than the salary of Rs.
I didn't realize where I was flying
And your money will be many times more than this.
will be spent when any one of these bad
If your habit makes you suffer from any disease
If there is one habit in this video that you
You must follow your bad habits
Leave your bad habits next
[music]
Habit number six but about this habit
Before I talk, I have a few questions for you.
I want to ask a question which you can answer in your mind.
Can you tell me if you have any health policy?
insurance term insurance vehicle
Insurance has ever lapsed because you
Forgot to pay his time premium or something like that?
What has happened is that some electronic device is damaged
That too happened during the warranty period but now
Can't find warranty card for electricity
bill telephone bill advance te among these
Reasons why something or the other was not completed on time
Have you been fined or have you been fined by your company?
Employment records not taken e.g.
UN number and later rounds after rounds
If any of these questions are
If the answer is yes then like the video and
You can like it anyway I did
Who tells you this scenario and your
The loss that occurred was not caused because
You have a premium to pay or a bill
The simple reason was that there was no money to pay.
Now you have forgotten 100% of this habit, haven't you?
I want to give credit to my father
Because they are very systematic
Record keeping invoice electricity bill
Telephone Bills Insurance Warranty Cards Har
One has its own designated folders and the other
Whenever the paper comes to his desk, he
Every file is in the designated folder
Dates are written on the folder that
When is the next renewal coming if you
If Tux is heavy then calendar app or
You can also use any other app but
Maintain your proper records
Which records are to be maintained
Insurance Records Medical Records Bank
Records Warranty Card Tax Records
Employment Records All ID Cards
And lastly your daily expenses bills
Infact make a box in which your
All ID cards including Aadhaar PAN
Keep your passport in one place, don't do this
Only your penalty money will be saved but
Insurance that lapses due to your fault
It will be useful to you when you need it.
Habit Number Six Keep Proper
[music]
Records fifth habit let me tell you about it
Let me clear some context for you
I have a cousin who is crazy about cars.
I have to buy a very expensive car when
When I asked him the reason, he said brother
Looks very cool, a lot of people look at it
I said yes but what is the real reason?
He said this is the reason to buy a car now
There is nothing wrong at one stage of life.
When you come you will feel like you are a family now
have kids we need a car so you
You must buy a car but it is important for you to buy a car.
What is the criteria? It is very important.
When about a year and a half ago I did my first
If you buy a car then there is a requirement list for it.
Made and the cheapest car among these four
She fulfilled all five requirements
I bought it, should I buy a car more expensive than this?
could yes absolutely could but
I decided that my stitcher
He decided not about my car but about my work.
We will often see big brands like
gucci banksia amani lex their clothes their
We buy accessories with the expectation that
That by wearing these we gain respect in the society
More people will notice us but if
If you look carefully, the world's 1st
But rich people are for example Mukesh
Ambani Ratan Tata Mark Zuckerberg Elon Musk
By the way, Buffett, have you ever seen him?
If seen wearing branded clothes
If you have money then offcourse you are good
Will they wear clothes, will they take accessories or will they
Will buy a watch which is functional for you but ₹
Quality shirts for Rs. 0000
Buying just because there's a
You have put the logo of a particular brand
Not for that shirt but for that logo
Money has been paid, remember your brand.
If you make it yourself then habit number is five.
don't buy
[music]
The price of 1 liter petrol in Logas 2010 was
33 33 And the same today is around ₹10 meaning
Save ₹1000000 but also invest it
And also invest where there is inflation.
You will also get some small returns by beating
It was only recently that I could give a
Relatives retired and they have
A significant amount of gratuity arrived
So as soon as the amount came to the bank the bank
Came to him asking sir to get FD done with us.
Let us see the interest rate going on 7th
I told them that at 67
Inflation is going on which means you are getting fat.
You will not earn any returns so you are safe.
You want to get FD only, but FD is not available to anyone.
Get it done in small finance bank there
You will get interest at 88.59 and
Divide the amount into 55 lakhs
Because RBI insurance up to Rs 5 lakh
They also understood that interest is also 1 2
But there is more but go to every bank
Who will get FD then I made them stable?
Told about money app and he went home
555 in three small banks while sitting
Booked FD worth lakhs infact stable money
Through the app in some banks like
A special in Utkarsh Small Finance Bank
There is also a feature in which if you make FD
And if you take its premature withdrawal
There is no penalty on that, meaning you
Treat your FD as an emergency fund too
You can use but invest there too
Do it in the asset classes you want
Let's assume we understand well.
The returns will be a little less but you can rest assured.
You will be able to sleep, maybe more.
All your money in the greed of getting returns
Now the top three habits will be destroyed.
Before we talk, I want to give you an argument.
I want to answer what I know
Some people will definitely write about you in the comments.
Some people will say that brother, so much money has been saved.
What to do if there is any trust in this life
If you die tomorrow then what will happen if you have money?
Why save, enjoy first thing
All the habits I have told you or
I am going to tell further
I am not telling you to spend your life
Don't enjoy life, just live it freely.
All I want to say is that whatever money you
are spending insure that his
You get optimum value and optimum returns.
And those who are giving this argument that
If we die tomorrow then what about that money?
Yes, we may die tomorrow, no one in life
Not sure but if we look at statistics
If you look closely, you will come to know that in India
The average age is around 70 and the way
Health tech may be advancing from
May this age increase even more in the coming years
Meaning, dying before this age is a black swan.
Yes, it is an event and should be kept in mind.
But when we plan, this black
Not of the event itself but of the upcoming 20 30
Tomorrow we will do simple matches for 40-50 years.
Many priority to live due to death
If it is more times, it was habit number four
Don't just save butt
[music]
Invest Habit Number Three Little of Water
How much money does the bottle come will be the answer
2020 Cains of 5 liters of the same company comes
50 to 0 and the same if you are 20 of the same company
If you go to get a liter of water can
We all know that you will get from 80 to ₹ 1
That if we buy a pack of a rage, then it
Savings are more but mostly
I know what happens in homes
If the rice is over from the cheese, then your
Call will come nearby, take rice while coming from office
Come, you have 1 kg of rice on the way
You will get packets up and bring it after 10 days
The situation will be repeated again but if
You know that in your house 5 in 1 month
If kilo of rice use comes, why don't you 5
Buy a kilo bulk pack, it is possible then
Will be when you will have proper accounts and records
Will maintain and you will know that your
How many groceries at home every month and
Consumerist, etc. if we are planning
Along with all the ration used in the month
If you buy in bulk at the bar, then it is bigger
Easy can be saved at 10 to 20
Meaning you in your month's expenses 4 to 12
Can save but not of bulk product
Only MRP is less but you shopkeeper
Take some discounts by negotiating even more
Can so habit number is three bye
Smartly slu in
[music]
But now I am going to talk this list
A famous coat of the most important habit
Hai Most Peepal Work Hard and Spand Deer
Health
Trang to Achieve Wealth Give Deti and
Spand desire wealth tright gate back desi
Health means that we often in youth
Behind money by ignoring your health
Run and when our age increases
And the health starts getting weaker then the same money
After spending our health again
Try to get but successful in it
Your youth cannot be able to be young
It is very easy to ignore your health
I do not have time right now i fit
What is going to happen to me, where is it unnecessarily
I should spend many such arguments
Oh come to our minds, ₹ 1 of the gym
There are 00 of yoga classes
Why do I spend extra expense but friends
This expenses are not fruitful
Expenses are a lot of your important habit
He develops his own
To take care of your body because you
Can have 1000 problems
Ants Problem and Deen That Health
Problem Bikam Your only problem consider the problem
You added a lot of money but if your
If the body is not supporting that money
How will you enjoy so habit number two
Hai take care of your
[music]
Come health, let's grow habit number one
On the side and if not like the video yet
If you do this, I am telling you the last habit
Habit be big strange for some people
Can be very true but the last few
Remove the time of time, you will see that many
Jobs have become obsolete in factors
Fewer workers are required because
Automation has come in farming
Due to being there, even fewer people are installed data
Entry Operators Typist Eve many
Programming language also now Obsolete
And as AI will become stronger
This graph will increase even faster but its
This does not mean that in the market
Jobs will no longer work will not work because
New types of jobs should be developed by new types of work
Are there so are very important
Learning because as you learn
He develops a lot
Important tract that is adept bill
Adaptability means if there is any change
If you have been so much with that change
Quickly mold themselves and most
To learn something to give you money
No need to infact this full video
You have seen that you deserve congratulations
Learned something new and if you on this platform
If you move beyond short funny videos
If you get a lot of learning, you will get habit number
One hai nevar stop learning are these nine
Apart from habits you have any such habit
Who has increased your bank balance
You have helped a lot in the comment
Share the video, how was that comment too
Tell me and this video of that person
Do share it together by watching this video
Stable money can be benefited by going
Link of pin comment and description to you
Will be found and a stable money pap
Very tremendous referral program also goes on
It has been on every successful referral
Meet 300 and your second success
For a limited time on referral
Exciting gifts are also delivered
Going, let's meet you labor law
In the next video of the advisor
Jai Hind to my father's organization
Structure is something like this
The folder is the box of the passbook
All different passbooks live in the house
One of the people after that for the checkbook
Similar folder you can see from the top
Which folder is there in whose checkbook
Everyone is different from invoice to bills
There are folders like these insurance
The file is for the insurance of every person
Different files are also in top
This electricity bill remains written on off file
If we have solar with the file of the file
Month input output reading how much bill came
He maintains and in the right
Bills is also a box in which everyone
There are ID cards and inside this box and
There are different boxes of each person
There is a box in which its pen base and rest
All the documents live in one place then it
File warranty cards with old
From all warranty cards proper date
Stay wise file
[music]
Is
[music]
B